add some desc for virtual machine istio install (#9403)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/virtual-machine/index.md

1. Create a virtual machine
1. Set the environment variables `VM_APP`, `WORK_DIR` , `VM_NAMESPACE`,

> and `SERVICE_ACCOUNT` on your cluster

Reviewer: These aren't on your cluster, these are on your machine that you're using to setup the cluster.

Author: Ok :)

    {{< /tabset >}}

> 1. Create the working directory on your cluster:

Reviewer 2: same comment as above, this is local

Author: Thanks

    {{< text syntax=bash snip_id=setup_wd >}}
    $ mkdir -p "${WORK_DIR}"
    {{< /text >}}

## Install the Istio control plane

> If your cluster already installed the Istio control plane, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: Still need to expose the control plane if you already have it installed.

Author: Ok :)

> If your cluster already installed the Istio control plane, you can skip installation steps, but still need to expose the control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster already has an Istio control plane, you can skip the installation steps, but will still need to expose the control plane for virtual machine access.
```
